well let's turn now to events in the
Middle East Jordan has launched an
investigation and closed the king
Hussein Bridge after three Israeli
civilians were killed in a shooting
attack at a border crossing with the
occupied West Bank the attacker who was
shot dead by Israeli Security Forces was
reportedly a truck driver from Jordan
who arrived at the terminal and opened
fire on Customs workers the incident
comes amid High Regional tension
overnight there were missile exchanges
between Israel and the leban militant
group Hezbollah with a number of
projectiles being fired from both
directions across the border well let's
speak to our correspondent in Jerusalem
Mike Thompson Mike can you bring us up
to date with the latest on the news that
we broke in the past hour about that
shooting yes this truck driver had uh
driven towards the king Hussein Bridge
alen be border crossing as it's also
known and he'd opened fire after leaping
out of his truck with a gun he opened
fire on uh Security Forces there and he'
killed he killed three civilians now
they were described as civilians there
also apparently according to the Israeli
ad Ministry uh they are actually um
security private security people who
were shot dead uh the uh border crossing
as you mentioned has now been closed on
both sides um and uh so nothing will be
passing through there for a while and
the truck is being searched for the
possibility that there may be explosives
and then therefore further Carnage on
the way and how much does the uh
exchange of fire overnight between uh
Israel and Hezbollah add to concerns
around tension escalating in the
region well it's continued concern
really because there have been these
exchanges now since the beginning of the
war in Gaza but they've intensified
lately and August saw the biggest number
the biggest monthly number uh s across
the border uh of course in both
directions too because there were more
than 50 were fired by Hezbollah in
Lebanon uh early this morning and Israel
also uh fired quite a few missiles
rockets at uh at Lebanon to knock out
rocket launch sites um and apparently
yesterday uh three uh emergency workers
who've been trying to put out fires
caused by these projectiles um were
killed but it's going to add to tensions
because the speed are very large is
really operation in the West Bank for
more than a week that only recently
stopped in Janine uh leaving at least 39
people dead and this is fueling concern
that if it if it carries on spiraling
this violence you know we could see
something uh not that far distant from
the awful events happening in Gaza yes
it adds to tensions and perhaps also
adds to the pressure on the Israeli
government because of course we've been
uh hearing of increasing levels of
protests just bring us the latest on
that
Mike yes last night there was what the
organizers of the the rallies which were
held right across Israel said was the
biggest demonstration so far and there
have been seven consecutive nights of
these they say an estimated
750,000 people across towns and cities
around Israel came onto the streets
500,000 in Tel Aviv alone now it's not
clear yet just how much a demonstration
of this size is going to put how much
pressure this is going to put on
Benjamin Netanyahu the Prime Minister
because he's also getting a lot of
international pressure as well as what
we're seeing internally and indeed some
too from his defense minister yo Galant
who does feel that more effort needs to
be made to find a way around the impass
on uh sealing a ceasefire hostage
release deal Mike Thompson our
correspondent in Jerusalem thank you and
there's uh a lot more on that story on
uh the BBC News website of course